Proposed editorial changes (#611)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

functions will need to refer to the other clients using some identifier.  MLS
clients have a few types of identifiers, with different operational properties.

> The Credentials presented by the clients in a group, authenticate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Credentials presented by the clients in a group authenticate
```

"Credentials" is the subject of "authenticate".

~~~~~

The `signature` field in an MLSMessageAuth object is computed using the signing

> private key corresponding to the public key of the sender. The sender is authenticated 
> by the credential at the leaf of the tree indicated by the sender field. The signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
private key corresponding to the public key, which was authenticated by the 
credential at the leaf of the tree indicated by the sender field. The signature
```

Reverting this in light of ongoing discussion in #610 and on the mailing list.
